End the last video we made good progress and we felt our list of items here was some life make them
made them look nicer and now we're displaying all the categories for our favorite quotes.
The next step is to be able to actually tab one of those categories and see the quotes for that category.
Now for that we're going to work with the quotes page which is responsible for displaying all quotes
off of a chosen category.
So the first step is to go there and again I'll clean that up if we need something off that stuff I'll
add a later and I'm also going to clean up the template now in the template.
I want to display the title or the category title here at the top so I'm going to delete it for now
we're going to change this soon.
And in the content there I actually want to display the individual quotes.
Let's have a look at how that should look like if we click a category we want to lotas quotes page here.
And as you can see there we get a couple of cards displaying those codes.
So those nice boxes with that shadow behind and so on.
So this is how I want this page to look.
Now before working on the actual look let's start with the more important step.
Passing the data we need to know which category was chosen right.
We need to know which codes should be rendered.
So let's start with this in order to load the right codes when clicking on one of our categories here.
We need to be able to pass that data.
We learned how to pass data when clicking element.
So let's first start by implementing the click listener to our button here.
I'm going to structured is over multiple lines so that it's gets easier to read.
And here we can simply use the nav push directive and point to the let's say quote's page.
Now this property needs to be created in the library Dotty's file now and it should of course hold a
reference to the quotes page.
So make sure to add to him or two quotes page here at the top and then assign this value to those quotes
page property which we're using in this directive.
And we also need to pass some data so all at the nav parens property or directive it is here which is
uses property binding.
And now the question is which data do we want to pass to the quotes page now.
Well I would say we want to pass de-selected quote group.
We already fetched a quote group here in the loop so we could simply pass on quote group to pass this
array or this object we just selected.
And I think this is a fine approach.
Now with this we're passing the quote group of the current iteration to the quotes page which we're
loading for the nav push directive.
Let's see if this already works.
If I save this and go back to the application and let it rebuild that's quick on one of those categories.
Well we clearly load a different page.
We don't see anything though which is a good sign because I deleted the title and the quotes page.
So we're probably seeing that page.
Let's see if we actually see it by retrieving the data and changing the title of the page though.
Now to retrieve the data we need to inject something.
Now what do we need to inject.
This is a good chance for you to pause the video and practice this on your own.
How do you get the data we're adding or we're sending to this page as you see it has something to do
with injection possed of it you know I'll be back in a few seconds to solve the puzzle.
Were you able to do that successfully on your own.
Let's do it together.
In the constructor I'm going to create a new argument and all the property fruiterer's shortcut by adding
the accessor in front of it which will name Neph parents more important than a name is to type.
And this is naff parents to be imported from ionic angular.
This is the correct import.
Now with that added we can retrieve the data we're getting.
I want to store it in a new property.
I'm going to name those quote group and a quote group simply has dissed type your but without the area
of course it's not an array of such groups.
It's a single group.
So let me assign the type.
And of course this means we have to import the quote interface here.
Now with this added I want you assign Diskworld trube property I want to give it a value and I want
to retrieve disvalue from naff parens.
Now I could retrieve the data here in the constructor body and there would be nothing wrong with that.
But I want to show an alternative.
I'm going to use I and you did load days page lifecycle look.
Now this lifeso look will not be executed if the page was cached but that's no problem because if the
page was cached Well the data is already loaded right so no need to fetch it again.
Because while we're already displaying the quotes so here I'm going to say this quote group equals does
naff parents and then just data.
Because keep in mind this is what we're passing here.
We're just passing the troop of the current iteration.
Since this is an array of quote groups and we're expecting a single element here.
This is exactly the data we need with dad.
We're getting the quote group now we of course also need to display it and I'm doing this here in the
title.
I can simply say quote group which is the name of this property your quote group and then which name
well the name is category.
Right.
This is a quote group here and this is the name of the category.
So let me simply say whoops your quote group category and also add the upper case pipe here to make
it uppercase.
Now with this let's go to our application and see this in action.
If I click on inspirational Well we're getting an error.
What's going wrong here.
I did this on purpose.
Can you figure out why we're getting this error.
Well I'm going to solve it there.
In theory it is nothing wrong with fetching our naff parents Year in.
I interviewed a load except for a one use case.
If we want to display them in our template because the template will actually get to read it before
we reach.
And you did load because the template template creation so is handled by angular too.
And that is simply done before I want to triggers the items you did load hook.
So one solution would be to place a question mark after gwo group here.
This tells angler to only try to access category.
If quote group is a way lable.
If we do this and save that and have a look at the application again.
You see now it works correctly because now initially when angler first creates and renders template
it will simply skip that step since it knows it's not available yet and once it becomes available.
Because we reached our interview did load it work correctly Riera entered a dawn.
No this is one approach we can take and I'm going to comment this out and also add a comment to your
ADD Elvis operator.
That's the question mark.
That's the name of the operator in template to use this approach.
So for for while to keep this in mind for future reference if you want to use this approach I'm going
to use another approach and are simply going to add on in a live look.
And of course as mentioned before you could simply use the constructor.
Just want to show some alternatives here.
So add on in it and with that you can simply add the engine in a method here and say this quote group
equals this naff parents data and with that I can get rid of the question mark in the template because
now on and it is always executed for the template is rendered.
So now we're fetching the data before the template gets rendered and therefore you will see that it
still works as before.
But now without the question mark operator.
I thought this would be important to understand in which order those hooks are reached and that you
can use view that load.
I am new to load.
Nothing wrong with that but that it is executed after the first time the template was rendered.
So a lot of talking about the state a passing lot of work here but it's really important to understand
how this works and I hope that this is now a set with dad.
We can continue and learn about some new components when we actually start working on the template of
our quotes page here.